Transition from lager to OTP logger as the logging framework (#2810)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/developers-guide/logging.md

```erlang
-include("mongoose_logger.hrl").
```
or
```erlang
-include("mongoose.hrl").
```

# Logging macros

There are several macros for the most common logging levels:

```erlang
DEBUG("event=debug_event info=~1000p", [Arg]),
INFO_MSG("event=info_event info=~1000p", [Arg]),
WARNING_MSG("event=warning_event reason=~1000p", [Arg]),
ERROR_MSG("event=error_event reason=~1000p", [Arg]),
CRITICAL_MSG("event=critical_event reason=~1000p", [Arg]),
```

Use them to log on the corresponding log level.
Please be mindful of what is logged and which log level is used for it.

# Logging levels

A system operator can choose the global log level by setting `loglevel` in `mongooseim.cfg`.

- level 8 – all
- level 7 – debug
- level 6 – info
- level 5 - notice
- level 4 - warning
- level 3 - error
- level 2 - critical
- level 1 - alert
- level 0 - emergency

> If a user sets log level to `all`, then he would see all messages in logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user sets the log level to `all`, then they would see all messages in logs.
```

Author: "a user" is singular, so shouldn't we use "he" instead of "they"? Or perhaps we should build the sentence in passive tense ("If the log level is set to..., then all messages would be seen...")?

Reviewer: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singular_they

Reviewer 2: Just use "it". 
Users have no feelings...

Reviewer 2: Set loglevel to `all` to see all the messages in logs.

or something like this ;)  (also shorter)
